v1 changeset (#10204)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/rich-mugs-dress.md

---
'@backstage/app-defaults': major
'@backstage/catalog-client': major
'@backstage/catalog-model': major
'@backstage/config': major
'@backstage/config-loader': major
'@backstage/core-app-api': major
'@backstage/core-plugin-api': major
'@backstage/dev-utils': major
'@backstage/errors': major
'@backstage/integration': major
'@backstage/integration-react': major
'@backstage/test-utils': major
'@backstage/types': major
'@backstage/version-bridge': major
'@backstage/plugin-catalog': major
'@backstage/plugin-catalog-backend': major
'@backstage/plugin-catalog-common': major
'@backstage/plugin-catalog-react': major
'@backstage/plugin-scaffolder': major
'@backstage/plugin-scaffolder-backend': major
'@backstage/plugin-scaffolder-common': major
'@backstage/plugin-techdocs': major
'@backstage/plugin-techdocs-backend': major
'@backstage/plugin-techdocs-node': major
'@techdocs/cli': major
---

> Promoted package to 1.0.0! See https://backstage.io/docs/overview/versioning-policy for how the bump to 1.0 affects these packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package has been promoted to v1.0! To understand how this change affects the package, please check out our [versioning policy](https://backstage.io/docs/overview/versioning-policy).
```

Reviewer 2: that ^
